call#80.0 in sd_markdown_render
call#80.1 in sd_markdown_render
call#80.0 in internal parse_block@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_atxheader@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_htmlblock@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal parse_htmlblock@src/markdown.c
call#80.2 in internal parse_htmlblock@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_fencedcode@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_table@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_blockquote@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_blockcode@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_list@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_paragraph@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal parse_paragraph@src/markdown.c
call#80.2 in internal parse_paragraph@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_inline@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal parse_inline@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_codespan@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal char_codespan@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_linebreak@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_link@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal char_link@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_langle_tag@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal char_langle_tag@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_escape@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_entity@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_autolink_url@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_autolink_email@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_autolink_www@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal char_autolink_www@src/markdown.c
call#80.2 in internal char_autolink_www@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal char_superscript@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_emph1@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_emph2@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_emph3@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_listitem@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal parse_table_row@src/markdown.c
call#80.1 in internal parse_table_row@src/markdown.c
call#80.2 in internal parse_table_row@src/markdown.c
call#80.0 in internal rndr_autolink@html/html.c
call#80.0 in internal rndr_link@html/html.c
